hi YouTube it's I Viking here today and
today I'm going to show you guys a
really cool theme this is fully
compatible with you know four-point-oh
point one and up I believe it probably
is even compatible at four point oh so
the iOS four and the folders and
everything have been updated for this
theme so this is the theme that's going
to i'm sure the developers are going to
keep keep tweaking it and loading it but
loading it modifying it to carry it
through so you guys just want to head
over to search and so there you have it
the theme is called timeless HD it's a
really cool theme and two paid theme
there's a there's a free free theme
underneath the eye hacks repo you guys
can google that if you want to add that
and look for that one but I've got the
paid one so we'll just head out of here
and show you show you what it looks like
the folders are all done and they're
pretty cool so here's the theme it's a
really nice theme because it has like a
live sort of weather widget right on
your you know on your springboard and
the calendars the dates really nicely
displayed right there and yeah it's a
really cool theme I really like it and
just really changes the overall look of
the phone just you know when you've been
rocking a theme for a while and this
one's just really good to throw on to
really really switch it up the dialers
themed you know everything's
everything's pretty cool and it's really
hot HD everything's really crisp
nothing's blurry there was one icon that
wasn't working for me it's the quick
lock too and you know I just threw that
into the right folder and you know got
that one set up and I'm sure you guys
are good enough to figure that out if
you have any problems setting up this
theme you can always leave me a comment
youtube or a message or something and I
can you know hopefully walk you through
some of the processes but yeah this
theme is really rocking the nice thing
is is I've got my my wallpaper selected
back there so you know you can use your
own use your own wallpaper and it shines
through just to get your own little
personal touch and i'll just show you
that sort of on the on the theme itself
so when you download this theme you're
going to get so you'll get three three
three packages that are going to come so
you're going to get timeless HD that's
the theme and then there's the analog
clock or the digital clock so you can
choose between which clock that you like
and figure out where to go from there so
in the in the you know the theme itself
you're going to have the installation
guide and everything right here so in
there you've got you know your
installation guide you can open that up
and just go through the steps there to
set it up you know for doing your your
weather thing he actually shows you like
a nice little picture here of where
you're going to copy and paste your code
for where your weather is and you can
google all that stuff to find out what
what your code for your area is and are
setting it up and then yeah that's
pretty pretty much it other than like
for me I use the one of my to be able to
change the wallpaper and you know so
what that is here is like in the overlay
you can see you know shining through
here is where I've got my wallpaper so
you just have to go and make sure that
you you know in your sorry in your
timeless to theme he has this extras
folder so in the extras folder he's got
everything that you need here so you
know I just went my chose that one and
it says in the information to rename it
overlay and you know renamed it overlay
and dropped it into the to the right
folder for myself so yeah you guys want
to just check out this theme it's pretty
awesome really like it and it's called
timeless HD everything's really high res
really good theme if you guys want to
please like this video check this theme
out like I said the guy updated it for
4.1 so I'm sure they're going to
continue to to work on this theme and
make this theme pretty awesome so
timeless HD this is I Viking please rate
comment and subscribe thank you